Add prerequisite install include for KIC (#6082)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_includes/md/kic/prerequisites.md

{% endunless %}

### Install Kong

1. Add the Kong Helm charts:

    ```bash
    helm repo add kong https://charts.konghq.com
    helm repo update
    ```

2. Install {{site.kic_product_name}} and {{ site.base_gateway }} with Helm:

    ```bash
    helm install kong kong/ingress -n kong --create-namespace
    ```

### Testing connectivity to Kong

Kubernetes exposes the proxy through a Kubernetes service. Run the following commands to store the load balancer IP address in a variable named `PROXY_IP`:

1. Populate `$PROXY_IP` for future commands:

    ```bash
    export PROXY_IP=$(kubectl get -o jsonpath="{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}" service -n kong kong-gateway-proxy)
    
    echo "Proxy IP: $PROXY_IP"
    ```

2. Ensure that you can call the proxy IP:

    ```bash
    curl -i $PROXY_IP
    ```

    The result should look like this:

    ```bash
    HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
    Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
    Connection: keep-alive
    Content-Length: 48
    X-Kong-Response-Latency: 0
    Server: kong/3.0.0
  
    {"message":"no Route matched with those values"}
    ```

>     If the above instructions do not work for you, please read our more [detailed deployment guides](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{ page.release }}/deployment/overview/).

Author: ```suggestion
    If the above instructions do not work for you, please read the more [detailed deployment guide](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{ page.release }}/deployment/overview/).
```
